---
title: Festival Director's Message
permalink: /about/festival-director-message/
description: Festival Director's Message
variant: tiptap
---
<h3>Message from Festival Director</h3><p>Close to the hearts of many, i Light Singapore remains one of the largest and most delightful events at Marina Bay. The Festival has become a signature and popular event among the locals as well as visitors from overseas. People from all walks of life come to the Bay to see the artworks, participate in the programmes and enjoy the beautiful waterfront and skyline at each edition. This speaks volumes about the appeal of the Festival. <br><br>We are thrilled that i Light Singapore has made its return this year to illuminate Marina Bay once again. Organised by the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA), the Festival is transforming the bay into a captivating visual playground, involving festival-goers through emotion and play. <br><br>Beyond enlivening the Marina Bay precinct with spectacular artworks and programmes, an important focus of the Festival has been to reinforce the important message on sustainability and inspire environmentally-friendly behaviour. The Festival does so by featuring sustainable light art installations as well as a meaningful line-up of complementary programmes. This year, 22 artists from 8 countries have contributed to our showcase of 14 creative and innovative artworks, in response to the Festival theme this year, <em>A New Wave</em>, that encourages us to pause and contemplate our relationship with the environment through art and technology. <br><br>From a large-scale projection powered by an AI-based narrative to raise awareness about rising sea levels and climate change, to whimsical towering flower sculptures that can transform into an interactive audio-visual show, there is much to enjoy at i Light Singapore this year! Crowd favourites like <em>Lightwave</em> and <em>GastroBeats</em> have also returned with refreshed programming to delight your senses. <br><br>On the sustainability front, we continue to rally building owners, corporations and businesses under the <em>Switch Off, Turn Up</em> programme to switch off non-essential lightings and turn up air-conditioning temperatures. Members of the public can also do their part through <em>i Light i Pledge, presented by Alibaba Cloud</em> to pledge their commitment towards a more eco-conscious lifestyle. <br><br>i Light Singapore 2023, presented by DBS, is made possible because of many like-minded sponsors and partners who have stepped forward to champion sustainability with us. I would like to thank our sponsors and partners for their support and contribution, as well as extend our profound gratitude to all local and international artists without whom none of these would have been possible. We look forward to all your continued support for many more i Light Singapore to come. <br><br>Come join us this month as you slow down your footsteps, indulge yourself in the artworks and programmes, and rethink our impact on the environment, before leaving energised to take steps towards a greener future. We hope you have a fantastic time at i Light Singapore 2023. <br><br>My Best,<br>Jason Chen<br>Festival Director, i Light Singapore 2023 &amp; <br>Director of Place Management, Urban Redevelopment Authority</p>